Extracts attachments from a folder or within an entire account, or allows you to select specific attachments to extract.  Extracted attachments are saved to a single .zip file.

1. Select an account, a folder, or a message to provide the attachment source.  (Selecting a message sets the containing folder as the source.)
2. If an entire account is selected, a screen is displayed allowing for the selection of a subset of folders for extraction (the "Let Me Choose" option).
   If a folder or message is selected, the Quick Menu is displayed with the following options:
     a. Extract 'Em!: discovers all attachments in the selected folder and packages them in the .zip file immediately (subfolders omitted)
     b. Extract 'Em!: (+ subfolders): includes subfolders in the immediate extraction
     c. Let Me Choose: allows selection of specific folders/subfolders for discovery, and specific attachments for extraction
3. Extract Immediate: when this option is selected, a screen is displayed detailing the progress of discovery and packaging; once complete, a prompt is provided for .zip file destination and filename assignment.
4. Let Me Choose: when this option is selected, a screen presenting all folders and subfolders in the selected source is displayed.
    a. Select the specific folders to be included in attachment discovery, using the checkbox for individual folder selection and the folder label for toggling selection of associated subfolders.
    b. Click the Discover Attachments button to find all attachments in the selected folders.
    c. If desired, select specific folders to further reduce the set of attachments to be included in packaging.
    d. To extract:
        i. Click the Extract Em'! button to package and extract all attachments in the selected folders.
        ii. Alternatively, specific attachments can be included/excluded by selecting the Attachment List tab and using the provided checkboxes for individual attachment selection.
    e. When the Save prompt is presented, a destination filesystem folder and filename may be provided to replace the defaults.

For comprehensive instructions, please visit https://tmccoid.tech/extractem/manual