Attachment Properties
	PartName (unique ID)
	Name
	ContentType
	Size
	Extension*

Message Properties
	Author
	Subject
	Date

Grouping
	Author
	ContentType
	Extension

Filtering/Selection
	Extension
	ContentType
	Author

XXX Sorting

Search

XXX Size Display
	bytes
	KB
	MB
	GB

Layout
	Select	Name	Ext.	Size
	Author			Date
	Subject

XXX Preview
	None
	Small
	Medium
	Large

XXX Duplicates

XXX Stats

XXX Header Tabs

Elapsed / Remaining

XXX Options
	Extract Immediate
		Include Subfolders
	Grouping
		Folder
		Extension
		Author

XXX Replace getBackgroundPage

Single Folder
	Disable Selection
	XXX	Hide selected attachment count

XXX Reset

XXX Issues with "Extract Now" from Quickmenu (single folder when there are )

XXX Attachment List: Disable Extract button if nothing selected

XXX Issue with Account label in zip panel not displaying on second package attempt

XXX Present omissions (detached/deleted)

XXX Rearrange result panel

XXX Deletion tracking

XXX Extraction report

XXX Embedded image extraction

Issue with "potential detachments"

XXX Extract (+subfolders) on tmccoid@Inbox:
	XXX 1) Discovering progress does not complete
	XXX 2) Filename label jumps around

XXX Change immediate discovery message (don't repeat "in x messages")

XXX Let Me Choose reset error: this.#folderCounts is null (attachmentmanager.discoverAttachments, sort routine)

!!! Review logic with folder selection and embeds !!!

Common file types
DOC: txt, doc, docx, pdf, xls, xlsx, ppt, pptx, csv, rtf, odt, ods, xml, htm, html, eml, log
IMG: bmp, gif, ico, jpg, jpeg, png, psd, tif, tiff
AUD: mp3, m4a, ogg, wav, flac, wma
VID: avi, m4v, mkv, mov, mp4, mpg, mpeg, vob, wmv

XXX Selectively display zip-discovery panel message if file type filter employed

XXX Ensure background execution sync'd to new features (filename pattern, filtering)

XXX Add Always Prompt for Donwload Location option (default = true)

XXX	Reset filename label to ... post-extraction

XXX Determine new embed logic/prevent embed deletionEntry

XXX Report: Do not display detach errors section when no errors encountered

Ensure resets comprehensive

XXX Extraction Report: handle case of user cancellation (either full or partial)

Direct save:
	XXX Modify options

	XXX Add save progress panel

	XXX Integrate save logic with packaging

	XXX Modify report

XXX Display download directory (show files)

XXX Open download directory/ies post-extraction

Fix release notes displayed twice (TB 102 & 115)

XXX [NOT POSSIBLE - message count not known in advance] Do not display Extract Immediate button when only subfolders have attachments

Images HUGE in preview (beta; only happens with large number of files???)

XXX Open report in TB window? -- removed in TB 136 due to security restriction

XXX Apply filtering to embeds

XXX Inferred file Extension

XXX Differential extractions

	XXX Enable message tagging
	
	XXX Reset

	XXX Tag messages

	XXX Omit duplicates mutually exclusive

Context-menu invocation revision

	Prevent (or alter) display of Release Notes when extract immediate invoked


1.8.8 changes

-- Embeds now considered attachments for TB 140+
-- Embeds now detachable for TB 140+
-- Adjusted position of filename pattern editor (options)



Options issue (Ubuntu only?)

Message List context menu behavior



>>>

JoeLEV

@JoeLev65 said:
> intuitively, when i select "show quick menu" and "ask for directory to save" i would expect that this is done alqways, whether i select a whole folder or just 1 or 2 single mails. The behaviour is inconsistent at this point. I do not want to save the attachment somewhere automatically...that is why i choose the corresponding settings and the extension does not follow them.

> The acess right are not a problem and `[selected folder]` exists..that cannot be the problem.

> I would expect the extention to behave always the same, regardless of the number of mails i want to extract from. 

There are three separate issues here:

1) Saving to the incorrect directory: I don't have an explanation for this at the moment, though I do have a theory which I need to investigate.  This behavior did not occur when I tested it.

2) Not packaging (as per the settings): the Extract 'Em! option "This Message" in the context menu of the Message List was only recently introduced, and the extension's save settings were really geared towards batch extraction operations (account or folder level). When it was implemented, I operated under the assumption that in most cases a single or very limited number of attachments would be involved and packaging would not make a lot of sense for MOST people. It might make sense to package if there is more than a single attachment; I will consider that.

3) Not prompting for a save directory (as per the settings): Here we come to a limitation of the TB Extensions API.  The whole reason packaging was implemented in the first place is that it is (unfortunately) not possible for an extension to prompt for a save directory and then save all attachments to that directory.  Given that I chose to save attachments from a single email individually rather than packaging, prompting was impractical.

What might make sense would be to add a context menu option so that in one case the behavior you are requesting is observed, and another the existing behavior is preserved.  Given that the holidays are approaching, I can



